AdBlock VPN FaQ

 
q: How is the app monetized? By selling my data?
a: There is PRO subscription available. If you don't want to spend money, try our Fulldive Browser - fast and secure!

q: How about my privacy? Do you use my data?
a: We don’t receive any data from AdBlock VPN you use. It’s kept locally on your device.
Logs are used to detect what kind of ads were blocked. You can easily clean logs by pressing the Clean button in the menu.

q: Why is it called VPN? Can I use another VPN app?
a: AdBlock VPN uses VPN service to detect connections from other apps, compare it to the forwarding lists and redirect suspicious requests to alter DNS.
If this alter DNS is Fulldive DNS, suspicious requests will be blocked.
This is how it works. Unfortunately, you can not use another VPN app together with AdBlock VPN. 

q: Is AdBlock VPN a real VPN? Seems it just uses DNS crypt.
a: No, it isn’t. For a real VPN try our Full Tor VPN. AdBlock VPN blocks ads only.
We are working on combining these two apps.

q: Why do I still see some ads?
a: Ads are divided into two types: Allowed (like in youtube) and not allowed. Allowed are not placed in most of the blocklists. 
We are working on the efficacy of handling suspicious requests. Anyway, you can play with forwarding lists to achieve greater blocking efficiancy.

q: Why is my network connection so slow while using AdBlock VPN?
a: AdShield should check all connections you make. It takes some time.
The more ads we can block, the more time it can take. We are trying to find compromise.

q: Where are forwarding lists and exception apps disappearing?
a: We've temporarily disabled it because of google policy. Instead you can set up our DNS by the same way.
Go to Advanced -> DNS settings. You'll get to forwarding list web page. Set up forwarding lists you wish and tap "Submit" button at the bottom of the page.
For apps settings or custom blocking settings just tap on search bar at the top of the screen.
Here will be some suggestions you can click and navigate to relevant page.

q: Can I use AdBlock VPN at Chromebook/android auto/android tv?
a: You can try, but we do not guarantee it works properly.

q: You copied a Blocada app to sell out my data. Is that true?
a: AdBlock VPN is a fork of Blocada app, since it's an open source project.
Despite this, we will develop AdBlock VPN in our own secure and protected way.

q: Looks like a lot of things that I don’t want (Firebase and AWS) are passed through. What is it and why is it not blocked?
a: Firebase is a Google cloud service, it is used by most of android apps by default.
AWS is an Amazon cloud service. We do not block it because it can break some of your apps and websites.

q: When I launch AdBlock VPN I lose all network connections, what should I do?
a: More likely you have enabled private DNS at your device settings (Settings - Network - Private DNS).
You should switch it off and set up your DNS inside AdBlock VPN at the network's settings.

q: Ads are not being blocked anymore, what should I do?
a: There are few reasons for that:
   1. Specific site has changed it's ads provider or it's ads provider has updated it's ads protection.
Just try another forwarding list or wait a bit (day or two) - forwarding lists will be updated automatically.
   2. Android system kills AdBlock VPN. Need to exclude AdBlock VPN from battery/data saving.
Go to Settings - This device. Try to enable Always on VPN at VPN profile,
exclude from battery optimisation at Battery settings and exclude from Data usage at data usage settings.
One of these steps or a or combination can help.
   3. Conflict with another VPN application. It can interfere with work even if it's not lauched!
Try to remove other VPN apps from device and see the difference.
Also, you can check ads blocking rate at https://adblock-tester.com/ and https://d3ward.github.io/toolz/adblock.html.
If the score on these sites is less then 50, you definitely should try points 2 and 3, otherwise point 1.

q: This is a great app! How can I support you?
a: Thanks! We will appreciate if you try other apps developed by FullDive team! 
